hi YouTube it's ill fashion and as
promised I'm here to show you guys my
process for washing drying and styling
my virgin Indian hair now today is my
first time actually watching this hair
so wool I guess be doing this together
when talking to my stylist about the
type of products to use for washing and
conditioning my hair she did say that
you know it's not really a specific
brand that she would suggest she just
said you know use a regular shampoo and
conditioner but she did say that you do
not want to let the conditioner sit on
the hair as if you are trying to deep
condition it or moisturize it in any
type of way the reason she said for this
is because this is Indian hair this is
not natural hair this is not you know
African American hair in which we would
you know do those things so she said
once you put the conditioner on there
just comb it through the comb and rinse
it out so onto the products what I will
be using today to shampoo my hair is the
organic root stimulator olive oil creamy
shampoo this was I believe three
ninety-nine at just a regular beauty
supply store miss removes build-up
restores moisture gently cleans and new
choices and what I'll be using for my
conditioner is the pair to that which is
the olive oil replenishing conditioner
and it you know deep penetrating
conditioner and that's all it says and
then I will be combing that through with
this comb this is a hard comb it's not
you know those flimsy paps plastic combs
I would suggest that you get a hard comb
if you're trying to comb through your
hair this hair does not tangle much but
I still would suggest you know a good
comb and then I'll be doing this
spraying the black vanilla leaving
Edition err that I showed you in the
previous video on my roots and braids
when talking about washing any kind of
weave it is very important that you do
not I mean do not put your head down
and any kind of sink bathtub I don't
care what it is when you do that you
risk
um tangling matting and disrupting the
braid pattern and the way in which the
tract Falls your trucks fall down so you
want to wash your hair in a downward
motion that means either going to get it
washed by a professional stylist when
they put your head back in the bowl or
standing up in your own shower to wash
your hair since I'll be doing that today
I can't exactly show you guys that so
I'm gonna go do that and then come back
and you guys can see what the hair looks
wet and then we can go on from there all
right thanks
as you can see I have washed conditioned
and conditioned my braids with spring
the black fennel leave-in conditioner
and what I did with my natural hair
which is left out on the top I sprayed
it in there and I just Bantu nada and
that's how I'm going to let it dry I
loved how the shampoo conditioner left
my hair feeling it's very soft very
smooth and it just feels really good
it's very still very wet I comb through
the hair you can see it kind of smooths
it down I guess they'll be good for if
you're trying to straighten it but I
don't really want it straight so what
I'm gonna do is just scrunch it scrunch
it kind of curls it up
so I haven't really decided what I'm
gonna do I know I'm going to let it
air-dry but I don't know if I'm going to
roll it up in those curlers or in the
flexi rods or if I'm just going to let
it dry like this and be waiting I guess
we'll see once it dries so I'm just
gonna you guys can see how long it is
so I am
so when it dries I will be back and I
will you guys know what it looks like in
that much but this hair is just really
really pretty imagine you know going
swimming and getting out the pool with
your hair like this I mean it's just
really pretty so like I said when it
dries I'll let you guys know and I'll be
back from that day
you